# INTRODUCTION
 The project game of blocks was originally offered by *Programming Club, IIT Kanpur* during Summer Camp 2021, and I followed and improved upon the content available there. It got me intrigued and I started to explore the web for learning towards __BlockChain Management__ and how they work. 

Update - 1 : How you make an Blockchain work could be thought of very well, if you start thinking of alleviating the central trusting body and thus, mutual trust on each other by considering the starting example of how the public ledger system would change under the circumstances that you trust no one.


So, firstly there is some public ledger and maybe to sign or **"validate"** some transaction, the one owing money or the one, "paying" money in some arbitrary sense, makes a signature, but it can be copied again and again. So, one comes up with the website version and some online signature sort of thing. To verify that, he is the one who signed when making that transaction, the concept of **public and private keys** must have evolved from there. I am here in the introduction, not getting in the formal workings of the system, but one can think and get assured(by trusting the Supreme Overlord of Cryptographic HASH functions), that one can only make the signature using one's private key and public key along with the signature can be used to verify that transaction. (The signature is an outcome of a function that takes in Message, private key and the current timing or the number of current transaction to produce a unique series of 1s and 0s, that coupled with public key will lead a speical number that ensures security.) Thus, one has formed some trust for the system. But still the one hosting the website is the Centralised authority and to ensure no failure, in him we trust. 

# Proof-of-Work to trust the one
To alleviate this _trust_, what one can do is that everyone makes their own copy of ledger. But then if two copies don't match, whom will you trust. What Blockchains do in such cases is trust the "Blockchain" with largest "Chain". To simplify, some pre-specified number of transaction, is packed as one Block, and it contains "hash" of previous box, after this, the miners try to comeup with a number totally luck based, that 
